.\" 
.\" Man page for rmtoo analytics: Desc Words.
.\"
.\" This is free documentation; you can redistribute it and/or
.\" modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as
.\" published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 3 of
.\" the License, or (at your option) any later version.
.\"
.\" The GNU General Public License's references to "object code"
.\" and "executables" are to be interpreted as the output of any
.\" document formatting or typesetting system, including
.\" intermediate and printed output.
.\"
.\" This manual is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\" (c) 2010 by flonatel (rmtoo@florath.net)
.\"
.TH rmtoo-analytics-descwords 7 2010-08-08 "User Commands" "Requirements Management"
.SH NAME
rmtoo-analytics-descwords \- requirements management tool: analytics
module for words in tag description
.SH DESCRIPTION
The
.B rmtoo
analytics module \fIdescwords\fR uses a heuristic to evaluate the
quality of the \fIDescription\fR tag of the requirement.
.SH IDEA
For each supported language a set of often used words are defined as
regular expressions.  When a regular expression matches, depending on
the value of the regular expression, a specific number is added.
.P
E.g. good words like \fImust\fR have a positive value, bad words like
\fIpossible\fR have a negative value.
.P
All these values are added for each description.  When the result is
negative, it is assumed that the quality of the requirement is not
good.  In this case an error is printed.
.SH CONFIGURATION
Currently implemented are word (regular expression) lists for
\fIen_GB\fR and \fIde_DE\fR.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.B rmtoo(7)
- overview of rmtoo including all references to available documentation. 
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Andreas Florath (rmtoo@florath.net)
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2010 by flonatel (rmtoo@florath.net).
License GPLv3+: GNU GPL version 3 or later
