.\" 
.\" Man page for rmtoo analytics: HotSpot.
.\"
.\" This is free documentation; you can redistribute it and/or
.\" modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as
.\" published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 3 of
.\" the License, or (at your option) any later version.
.\"
.\" The GNU General Public License's references to "object code"
.\" and "executables" are to be interpreted as the output of any
.\" document formatting or typesetting system, including
.\" intermediate and printed output.
.\"
.\" This manual is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\" (c) 2010 by flonatel (rmtoo@florath.net)
.\"
.TH rmtoo-analytics-hotspot 7 2010-08-08 "User Commands" "Requirements Management"
.SH NAME
rmtoo-analytics-hotspot \- requirements management tool: analytics
module for detecting hotspots
.SH DESCRIPTION
The
.B rmtoo
analytics module \fIhotspots\fR uses a heuristic to check whether a
requirement is a HotSpot or not.  A HotSpot is a requirement with many
incoming or outgoing edges.
.SH IDEA
It was discovered that often in a set of requirements there are some
requirements 
where a lot of other requirements depend on - or which depend on a
large number of other requirements.
.P
These so called HotSpots typically hint to a region in the
requirements dependency graph where redesign must be done and some
work must be spend.
.P
The current implementation is based on the idea that each requirement
is a problem which must be solved by a 'Devide et Impera'.  It doesn't
make sense to divide in tens of sub-problems.  It is mostly better to
go for only some major and then divide them further down.
.SH CONFIGURATION
This module cannot be configured.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.B rmtoo(7)
- overview of rmtoo including all references to available documentation. 
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Andreas Florath (rmtoo@florath.net)
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2010 by flonatel (rmtoo@florath.net).
License GPLv3+: GNU GPL version 3 or later
