.\" 
.\" Man page for whole package rmtoo
.\"
.\" This is free documentation; you can redistribute it and/or
.\" modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as
.\" published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 3 of
.\" the License, or (at your option) any later version.
.\"
.\" The GNU General Public License's references to "object code"
.\" and "executables" are to be interpreted as the output of any
.\" document formatting or typesetting system, including
.\" intermediate and printed output.
.\"
.\" This manual is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\" (c) 2010-2011 by flonatel (rmtoo@florath.net)
.\"
.TH rmtoo 7 2012-03-08 "User Commands" "Requirements Management"
.SH NAME
rmtoo \- requirements management tool
.SH DESCRIPTION
The
.B rmtoo
package is used to work on a set of requirements and create artifacts
from them.
.SH IDEA
.B rmtoo
uses a different approach than most other requirements management
tools: it comes as a command line tool optimized for handling 
requirements.  The power of
.B rmtoo
is that a typical development environment can handle the input files
with ease, as they are plain text.
.P
.B rmtoo
input files can be handled by mostly all standard *nix
commands like grep(1), awk(1) or sed(1).  When replacing text,
commands like streplace(1) can be used.
.P
.B rmtoo
is a tool. It helps everybody who understands Requirements Management.  It
does not turn people into Requirements Management experts.  You have to
know what you are doing! 
.P
.B rmtoo
gives everybody the unique chance to adapt the tools to their needs
and their processes because it's open source.  Often other tools
force the user to change their habits or processes.  With
.B rmtoo
the user has the control.
.P
The output of requirements is handled in groups of
requirements - so called topics.  Each requirement belongs to
exactly one topic.  Typically a topic corresponds to one section; a 
topic can have sub-topic (sub-sections).  For further information
please consult the section
.B TOPIC
.P
For handling history and baselines an arbitrary revision control
system can be used (such as git, mercurial, subversion ...).
Nevertheless currently
.B rmtoo
supports \fIgit\fR as default for version access and statistics.
.P
.B Let one thing do one thing.
.P
.B rmtoo
is
.B no
integrated, 'do-everything' tool as it comes with no GUI at all.
.SH OVERVIEW
The
.B rmtoo
requirements management tool works on a set of requirements.  It reads
them in, parses them, preprocesses them and checks them for syntactic
and semantic problems.  If no errors are found, all artifacts
which are specified are generated. 
.P
This page is an overview page.  It gives a short overview of the uses
of 
.B rmtoo. 
Also it points to other man pages where information about
input and output files can be found.
.SH INTRODUCTION
The
.B rmtoo
reads in a set of input files: requirements and topics.
.P
These files are plain text files stored in the file system.
.B rmtoo
parses these files and runs some checks on them.  These
checks include syntax checks, semantic checks and some heuristics to
provide ideas for improving the quality of the requirements.
.P
After passing these checks,
.B rmtoo
outputs all configured artifacts, like PDF or HTML documents,
dependency graphs or statistics.
.SH TOPIC
.B rmtoo
uses a unique method for describing and handling output: so called
.B topics.
A topic is a description of one set of related requirements.  It has a
name and contains text, requirements and other topics.  With topics it
is possible to build hierarchies of document output structures.  In a
PDF file a topic may be one chapter which includes other topics which
are handled as sections, for example.  Using HTML output, each topic
corresponds to one HTML page, while a subtopic is a link to the
appropriate (sub-)topic HTML page it represents.  When using graph
output the requirements of a topic are clustered.
.P
This makes it possible to define the output structure once (in so
called topic files) and use this structure over and over for all
different output artifacts.
.P
It is possible (by adding one additional line in the configuration
file) to create an independent and self-contained (set of)
document(s) from an arbitrary sub-topic.  This makes it possible,
for example, to create a separate document for the marketing
department which bears no relation to technical decisions and security
requirements. 
.P
Of course it is also possible to map one set of requirements to a
completely different set of topics.  This makes it possible to have
one set of requirements for internally used project documentation
and another for an external company which delivers only one small part
of the whole project.
.\" The following section was not corrected
.SH REQUIREMENTS vs DECISIONS
\fBrmtoo\fR is a requirements management tool in the sense that it is
possible to mange the typical requirements documents with the help of
the tool.
.P
Strictly speaking most so called requirements are not 'really'
requirements but 'decisions'.  Example: it is not a requirement that a
company want to build a EMail Client, it is the decision of the
marketing department.
.P
If a decision is made, more decisions will follow (e.g. which
operating system to support, how should the GUI looks like, which mail
protocols to implement).
.P
A requirement is something, which is really needed in the sense to
realize the design decision which were made.  Example: if it is
decided to use SMTP, there is a \fBmust\fR that the appropriate
specification (RFC) is implemented.  There is no other way.
.P
Two definitions:
.P
A \fBrequirement\fR is something which \fBmust\fR be done to implement
/ realize the previous made decisions.  There is no other way.
.P
A \fB(design) decision\fR is something which is chosen from a list of
alternatives.
.P
It is very important to show and vizualize what a design decision and
what a requirement is.  \fBrmtoo\fR supports this concept.
.SH TREES OF REQUIREMENTS / DECISIONS
Requirements and decisions live in trees.  There is always a root
which comes first (and typically describes the whole project /
product).
.P
All other requirements and decisions depend on this.  This first
decision entails other decisions / requirements - which agains entail
futher decisions and requirements.  This is what the so called
requirements management process is about.
.P
In a project all requirements and design decisions are connected in
some way.  There are no separate ones.
.SH CONSTRAINTS
The possible solutions of requirements are mostly always limited:
Software must run on a specific hardware or operating system, a
device must have a minimal shock resistance.
.P
The main difference between requirements and constraints is, that
constraints are inherited: when a requirement has one constraint, all
the dependent ones inherit this constraint. For example: if one device
has a minimal shock resistance of 7G all it's parts must also have a
minimal shock resistance of 7G.
.P
It is possible that a requirement has a constraint and this constraint
is also inherited from a parent.  In this case it must be individually
decided how to handle this. Example: A device must be designed which
has a minimal shock resistance of 7G.  One component you already
designed some time ago can be reused for the new device. The decision
whether this component can be used or not depends on it's minimal shock
resistance: if the minimal shock resistance of the device is lower or
equal, it is possible to use this component in the new device.  If it is
higher, it is not possible to use the component to build up the new
device.
.P
.B rmtoo
supports constraints. 
.B rmtoo
supports automatic constraint checking.
.\" --- End of not corrected section
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.B rmtoo-invoking(1)
- overview of command line parameters executable for requirements
  management
.P
.B rmtoo-normalize-dependencies(1)
- convert dependency notation.
.P
.B rmtoo-template-project(1)
- template project
.P
.B rmtoo-req-format(5)
- format description for requirement files
.P
.B rmtoo-topic-format(5)
- format description for topic files
.P
.B rmtoo-testcase-format(5)
- format description for test case files
.P
.B rmtoo-constraints(5)
- format description for constraints files
.P
.B rmtoo-config3(5)
- description of the config file which is needed for 
.B rmtoo
environment definition and output specification in YAML format.
.P
.B rmtoo-config2(5)
- description of the config file which is needed for 
.B rmtoo
environment definition and output specification in JSON format.
.P
.B rmtoo-analytics(7)
- general concept for handling analytics on requirements
.P
.B rmtoo-analytics-descwords(7)
- heuristic for word evaluation in the requirement description
.P
.B rmtoo-analytics-hotspot(7)
- check incoming and outgoing links
.P
.B rmtoo-analytics-topic-coherence(7)
- check topic in-link against out-link numbers
.P
.B rmtoo-analytics-req-topic-coherence(7)
- check topic of a requirement for in-link against out-link numbers
.P
.B rmtoo-art-req-dep-graph(1)
- output description of the requirements dependency graph
.P
.B rmtoo-art-req-dep-graph2(1)
- output description of the requirements dependency graph - version 2
.P
.B rmtoo-art-html(1)
- html artifact output
.P
.B rmtoo-art-latex2(1)
- output description for LaTeX output of all requirements
.P
.B rmtoo-art-oopricing(1)
- output description for ODF commercial price bidding
.P
.B rmtoo-art-prio-lists(1)
- output description for the backlog and list of requirements for
elaboration. 
.P
.B rmtoo-art-reqs-history-cnt(1)
- output description of the requirement history count.
.P
.B rmtoo-art-stats-burndown1(1)
- output the burndown diagram for the whole project.
.P
.B rmtoo-art-stats-sprint-burndown1(1)
- output the burndown diagram for the current sprint.
.P
.B rmtoo-art-xml1(1)
- output requirements as xml - version 1.
.P
.B rmtoo-art-tlp1(1)
- tulip graph output - version 1
.P
.B rmtoo-art-xml-ganttproject1(1)
- [deprecated] output requirements as project plan for ganttproject
version 1.
.P
.B rmtoo-art-xml-ganttproject2(1)
- output requirements as project plan for ganttproject version 2.
.P
.B rmtoo-pricing-graph(1)
- creates graph from pricing
.P
.B rmtoo-emacs-mode-req(7)
- major mode for Emacs for writing requirements
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Andreas Florath (rmtoo@florath.net)
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2010-2012 by flonatel (rmtoo@florath.net).
License GPLv3+: GNU GPL version 3 or later
