.\" 
.\" Man page for rmtoo analytics introduction.
.\"
.\" This is free documentation; you can redistribute it and/or
.\" modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as
.\" published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 3 of
.\" the License, or (at your option) any later version.
.\"
.\" The GNU General Public License's references to "object code"
.\" and "executables" are to be interpreted as the output of any
.\" document formatting or typesetting system, including
.\" intermediate and printed output.
.\"
.\" This manual is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\" (c) 2010 by flonatel (rmtoo@florath.net)
.\"
.TH rmtoo 7 2010-08-08 "User Commands" "Requirements Management"
.SH NAME
rmtoo-analytics \- requirements management tool: analytics modules
.SH DESCRIPTION
The
.B rmtoo
package can check some different aspects of requirements properties.
The tool has some built in heuristics to decide if a requirement or
topic is a \fIgood\fR or a \fIbad\fR one.
.SH NOTE
.B The analytics modules must be seen as alpha.  A lot of research
.B and statistics must be done to get a stable and usable version
.B of the analytics modules. 
.P
Nevertheless the currently implemented measurements and heuristics may
lead to hints for better requirements and topics.
.SH IDEA
It is mostly impossible to decide whether a requirement is a good
one.  A lot of things must be known; mostly even the expertise in the
described topic is needed for a decision.
.P
But it is often easy to decide, that a requirement is a bad one.  Bad
requirements contain words like \fIapproximately\fR or \fIperhaps\fR.
Even words like \fIor\fR or \fIand\fR typically render a requirement
as bad.  A requirements which is longer than some ten words or 
than one sentence is typically also not a good requirement.
.SH IMPLEMENTATION
The analytics modules are called after the requirements and topics are
read in and parsed.  It is configurable if \fBrmtoo\fR should stop if
it finds problems or not.
.SH CONFIGURATION
The \fIanalytics\fR configuration entry is responsible for handling the
analytics modules.  It is a dictionary.
.P
All analytic modules work on one all topic sets (see
\fBrmtoo-config(5)\fR for more details).  All analytic modules also
work on one set of topics.  
.P
The configuration key \fIstop_on_errors\fR specifies if \fBrmtoo\fR
should stop when a possible problem was detected.
.P
It might be possible that analytic modules support other configuration
options.  Please consult the appropriate man pages.
.P
Example specification section:
.sp
.RS
.nf
    "processing": {
        "analytics": {
            "stop_on_errors": false
        }
    }
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.B rmtoo(7)
- overview of rmtoo including all references to available documentation. 
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Andreas Florath (rmtoo@florath.net)
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2010 by flonatel (rmtoo@florath.net).
License GPLv3+: GNU GPL version 3 or later
