.\" 
.\" Man page for rmtoo
.\"
.\" This is free documentation; you can redistribute it and/or
.\" modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as
.\" published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 3 of
.\" the License, or (at your option) any later version.
.\"
.\" The GNU General Public License's references to "object code"
.\" and "executables" are to be interpreted as the output of any
.\" document formatting or typesetting system, including
.\" intermediate and printed output.
.\"
.\" This manual is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\" (c) 2010 by flonatel (rmtoo@florath.net)
.\"
.TH rmtoo-art-req-dep-graph2 1 2010-07-24 "User Commands" "Requirements Management"
.SH NAME
rmtoo-art-req-dep-graph2 \- requirements management tool: requirements
dependency graph shaping 2
.SH DESCRIPTION
The
.B rmtoo
requirement management tool is able to output one topic and all
possible subtopics including the containing requirements in a
requirement dependency graph.
.P
The \fIrmtoo-art-req-dep-graph2\fR module mostly generates the same
output as described in 
\fBrmtoo-art-req-dep-graph(1)\fR except one difference: requirements
related to one topic are grouped together as a \fIcluster\fR,
i. e. are drawn near to each other with a box around them.
.P
This graph gives a good impression about the quality of the topic
grouping: if there are mostly all links inside the box with only a few
to the outside, the topic grouping is done well.  If there are mostly
no connections inside the box and a lot of to the outside, you should
think about rearranging the topic grouping.
.P
.SH CONFIGURATION and SETUP
The key for the configuration must be \fIgraph2\fR.
.P
All other information about configuration and calling \fIdot\fR can be
found in \fBrmtoo-art-req-dep-graph(1)\fR.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.B rmtoo(7)
- overview of rmtoo including all references to available documentation. 
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Andreas Florath (rmtoo@florath.net)
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2010 by flonatel (rmtoo@florath.net).
License GPLv3+: GNU GPL version 3 or later


