.\" 
.\" Man page for rmtoo
.\"
.\" This is free documentation; you can redistribute it and/or
.\" modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as
.\" published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 3 of
.\" the License, or (at your option) any later version.
.\"
.\" The GNU General Public License's references to "object code"
.\" and "executables" are to be interpreted as the output of any
.\" document formatting or typesetting system, including
.\" intermediate and printed output.
.\"
.\" This manual is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\" (c) 2010 by flonatel (sf@flonatel.org)
.\"
.TH rmtoo 1 2010-03-06 "User Commands" "Requirements Management"
.SH NAME
rmtoo \- requirements management tool
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B rmtoo
.B \-c
.I cmd
.B \-d
.I reqdir
.B \-f
.I cfgfile
.B [\-h]
.B [\-m
.I moduledir]
.B [\-l
.I latexdir]
.B [\-d
.I dotfile]
.B [\-p
.I priofile]
.SH DESCRIPTION
The
.B rmtoo
is a requirment management tool.  It understand long and short command
line options.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-\-block\-size\fR=\fISIZE\fR
use SIZE\-byte blocks

.TP
\fB\-c\fR \fICOMMAND\fR, \fB\-\-cmd\fR=\fICOMMAND\fR
command to execute.  This must be one of
\fBcheck\fR, \fBlatex\fR, \fBdot\fR or \fBprios\fR.  See \fBCOMMAND\fR
section for further information.
.TP
\fB\-d\fR \fIDIRECTORY\fR, \fB\-\-directory\fR=\fIDIRECTORY\fR
The directory with the requirements files.
.TP
\fB\-f\fR \fICONFIG_FILE\fR, \fB\-\-file-config\fR=\fICONFIG_FILE\fR
The directory with the requirements files.
.TP
\fB\-h\fR, \fB\-\-help\fR
Display a short usage help.
.TP
\fB\-l\fR \fILATEX_DIRECTORY\fR, \fB\-\-latex-directory\fR=\fILATEX_DIRECTORY\fR
The directory where the LaTeX output files are stored.
.TP
\fB\-m\fR \fIMODULES_DIRECTORY\fR, \fB\-\-modules-directory\fR=\fIMODULES_DIRECTORY\fR
The directory where the rmtoo modules can be found.  When the program
was installed by standard system routines (e.g. as a deb or a rpm
package) this option is not necessary.  When using rmtoo from the
repository or from a release tar ball this must point to the main
directory.
.TP
\fB\-o\fR \fIDOT_OUTPUT\fR, \fB\-\-dot-ouput\fR=\fIDOT_OUTPUT\fR
The filename of the requirements dependency graph stored as a dot
output file. 
.TP
\fB\-p\fR \fIPRIOS_OUTPUT\fR, \fB\-\-prios-ouput\fR=\fIPRIOS_OUTPUT\fR
The filename of the file where the priority list output is stored.
.SH COMMAND
rmtoo is invoked with exactly one command:
.P
\fBcheck\fR checks the syntax and the semantics of the requirements
files.  It does not write any output at all.  If it finds problems or
errors it prints them out.
.P
\fBlatex\fR handles the output to latex. Please refer to
\fBrmtoo-art-latex(1)\fR for a detailed discussion about the LaTeX
output.
.P
\fBdot\fR outputs the requirements dependency graph in a format
compatible to \fBdot(1)\fR.  Please refer to
\fBrmtoo-art-req-dep-graph(1)\fR for more details.
.P
\fBprios\fR outputs the priority lists. See
\fBrmtoo-art-prio-lists(1)\fR for details about the priority lists.
.SH RETURN
.B rmtoo
returns 0 when all commands are successfully completed and a value not
equal 0 when there was a problem.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.B rmtoo(7)
- overview of rmtoo including all references to available documentation. 
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Andreas Florath (sf@flonatel.org)
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2010 by flonatel (sf@flonatel.org).
License GPLv3+: GNU GPL version 3 or later


