.\" 
.\" Man page for rmtoo configuration version 4
.\"
.\" This is free documentation; you can redistribute it and/or
.\" modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as
.\" published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 3 of
.\" the License, or (at your option) any later version.
.\"
.\" The GNU General Public License's references to "object code"
.\" and "executables" are to be interpreted as the output of any
.\" document formatting or typesetting system, including
.\" intermediate and printed output.
.\"
.\" This manual is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\" (c) 2010-2012 by flonatel (rmtoo@florath.net)
.\"
.TH rmtoo-config 5 2017-04-25 "User Commands" "Requirements Management"
.SH NAME
rmtoo-config \- requirements management tool configuration file version 4
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B rmtoo
needs some information to work, like input directories and which
artifacts should be created.  This information is stored in one or
more configuratio files.
.P
The format of the configuration files is
.B YAML.
As alternative the same information can be provided also as
.B JSON.
Please see the
.B rmtoo-config3
man page for details.

.SH EXAMPLE
The following example is the configuration file for the 
.B rmtoo
requirements management tool.
.P
In the example, three different sets of documents (output artifacts)
will be created: one document set containing prios, graph, stats,
latex2 and html e.g. for internal use is called \fIall_topics\fR.  One
document for marketing which contains the latex2 document and the
requirements dependency graph called \fImarketing_topic\fR.  One
document for a customer which uses a separate set of requirements.
This is called \fIcustomer_topic\fR.
.sp
.RS
.nf
---
global:
  modules:
    directories:
    - "."
  logging:
    stdout:
      loglevel: debug
    tracer:
      loglevel: debug
      filename: "./rmtoo.log"
processing:
  analytics:
    stop_on_errors: false
requirements:
  input:
    default_language: en_GB
    dependency_notation:
    - Solved by
  inventors:
  - flonatel
  stakeholders:
  - development
  - management
  - users
  - customers
topics:
  ts_common:
    sources:
    - - git
      - start_vers: v9
        end_vers: v11
        requirements_dirs:
        - doc/requirements
        topics_dirs:
        - doc/topics
        topic_root_node: ReqsDocument
        constraints_dirs:
        - rmtoo/collection/constraints
    - - git
      - start_vers: v13
        end_vers: v17
        requirements_dirs:
        - doc/requirements
        topics_dirs:
        - doc/topics
        topic_root_node: ReqsDocument
        constraints_dirs:
        - rmtoo/collection/constraints
    - - filesystem
      - requirements_dirs:
        - doc/requirements
        testcases_dirs:
        - doc/testcases
        topics_dirs:
        - doc/topics
        topic_root_node: ReqsDocument
        constraints_dirs:
        - rmtoo/collection/constraints
    output:
      graph:
      - output_filename: artifacts/req-graph1.dot
      graph2:
      - output_filename: artifacts/req-graph2.dot
      html:
      - footer: doc/html/footer.html
        header: doc/html/header.html
        output_directory: artifacts/html
      latex2:
      - output_filename: artifacts/reqtopics.tex
      oopricing1:
      - output_filename: artifacts/reqspricing
      prios:
      - output_filename: artifacts/reqsprios.tex
        start_date: '2011-04-25'
      stats_burndown1:
      - output_filename: artifacts/stats_burndown.csv
        start_date: '2011-04-25'
      stats_reqs_cnt:
      - output_filename: artifacts/stats_reqs_cnt.csv
      tlp1:
      - output_filename: artifacts/reqdeps1.tlp
      version1:
      - output_filename: artifacts/reqs-version.txt

.SH DETAILS
The file must contain a map (dictionary) as the top level element.
Valid keys for the top level map are: \fIglobal\fR, \fIprocessing\fR,
\fIrequirements\fR, \fItopics\fR.

.SS global
There are two possible entries in the \fIglobal\fR map: \fImodules\fR
and \fIlogging\fR.  The only available entry in the \fImodules\fR map
is \fIdirectories\fR.  The value must be a list of directories where
modules are searched.  Details about configuration the logging can be
found in the section \fBLOGGING DETAILS\fR.

.SS processing
The only available entry in the \fIprocessing\fR map is
\fIanalytics\fR.  The only available entry in the \fIanalytics\fR map is
\fIstop_on_errors\fR.  The value must be a boolean which reflects if
\fBrmtoo\fR should stop on errors or not.

.SS requirements
There are three possible values in the \fIrequirements\fR map:
\fIinput\fR, \fIinventors\fR and \fIstakeholders\fR.  Please see
chapter \fBREQUIREMENTS DETAILS\fR.

.SS topics
The configuration parameter \fItopics\fR is a map.  The key is the
name with which the entry can be referenced.  For a description about
the details, please see chapter \fBTOPICS DETAILS\fR.

.SH LOGGING DETAILS
There are two logging streams which can be configured seperately: one
is the stdout stream and the other is a file.  All log messages are
sent to both strams.  With the help of the configuration it is
possible to filter out only those which may be of some interest.

Configuring the stdout, the key must be \fBstdout\fR.  The value must
be a map with the entry \fBloglevel\fR.  The value of the loglevel
must be one of 'debug', 'info', 'warn', 'error'.

The configuration for the file logging is very similar.  The key is
\fBtracer\fR.  It also supports the \fBloglevel\fR entry which is
described under stdout.  There can be an additional entry called
\fBfilename\fR which is the name of the file where everything should
be logged to.

Please note: due to the fact that the logging can be configured,
reading in the configuration is logged with the default logging
values. 

.SH REQUIREMENTS DETAILS
The input section defines properties of the requirement input format
handling.  Possible values are \fIdefault_language\fR,
\fIdependency_notation\fR, or \fItxtfile\fR.

.B default_language 
The paramter \fIdefault_language\fR specifies the language in 
which the requirements are written.  This must be a standard language
specifier like \fIen_GB\fR or \fIde_DE\fR. Please consult the 
\fBrmtoo-analytics-descwords(7)\fR man page for the list of available
languages. 

.B dependency_notation
The parameter \fIdependency_notation\fR determines the way
dependencies are specified.  There are two ways how requirements can
be specified: \fIDepends on\fR and \fISolved by\fR.  The last one is
the preferred way of specifying dependencies - but the first is the
old and default one.  Therefore it is recommended to set the value to
\fISolved by\fR only.

.B txtfile
This defines limitations while parsing the text file. By default for
all different types of input, the maximum length of a line is 80.  To
change this, add the type (e.g. 'reqtag' for requirments or 'ctstag'
for constraints).  This map can contain the entry
\fImax_line_length\fR which can be set to the new maximum line length.

.SS inventors
This must be a list of string specifying inventors.  Inventors can
invent a requirement. Tags: \fIInvented by\fR.

.SS stakeholders
This must be a list of strings specifying the stakeholders.
Stakeholders can own a and prioritize a requirement.  Tags:
\fIOwner\fR and \fIPriority\fR.

.SH TOPICS DETAILS
Each topic contains configuration is a map as a value which the name
of the topic set as the key.

The map can contain the following entries: \fIsources\fR and
\fIoutput\fR.

.B name
The name of the entry node of the topic. It is possible to use the
same directory but another entry name for additional topic
specifications.  This makes it possible to easily use a sub-topic for
a complete set of output documents.

.B sources
The sources to build up the documents from. Please consult the section
\fBSOURCES\fR for more details.

.B output
The output specification. Please consult the section \fBOUTPUT\fR for
more details.

.SH SOURCES
The sources are a list of sources from possible different input access
methods.  Currently there are two input access methods supported:
files in the filesystem and files from a version control system like
git.

The key in the map defines the access method name: eihter 'git'
or 'filesystem'.

For \fBgit\fR the following attributes must be defined:
\fIstart_vers\fR, \fIend_vers\fR, \fIrequirements_dirs\fR,
\fItopics_dirs\fR, \fItopic_root_node\fR and \fIconstraints_dirs\fR.

For \fBfilesystem\fR the following attributes must be defined:
\fIrequirements_dirs\fR, \fItopics_dirs\fR, \fItopic_root_node\fR and
\fIconstraints_dirs\fR. (Which are the same as for \fIgit\fR - except
that the version information is missing - which is not needed for
files in the filesystem.)

The given intervals are concatenated and rmtoo works on all of them.
Some output modules e.g. statistics are based on the whole input.  Mostly
all other operations are done on the last entry only.  

.B start_vers, end_vers
The values are either git version numbers (md5 sums) or tag names. 
.P
An entry like "start_vers": "v9" and "end_vers": "HEAD" specifies all
checked in files (ignoring possible changes of local files) beginning
from the tag v9 up to the HEAD of git.

.B requirements_dirs
This contains a list of directories where the requirements are read
from. 

.B topics_dirs
A list of directories where the topics are read from.

.B topic_root_node
The name of the master (first) topic to read.

.B constraints_dirs
A list of directories where the constraints are read from.

.SS constraints
The only available entry in the \fIconstraints\fR map is
\fIsearch_dirs\fR.  The value is a list of directories where
constraints definitions are searched.

.SH OUTPUT
The output which 
.B rmtoo
writes out for one topic in different formats must be specified with
the help of the \fIoutput\fR variable.  The key describes the artifact to
output, the value is specific to the chosen output parameter.
.SS graph
When this option is specified a requirements dependency graph is
written.  Please see \fBrmtoo-art-req-dep-graph(1)\fR for more
details.
.SS graph2
This is similar to the graph - but additionally groups the output
requirements within the same topic as a cluster.  Please see
\fBrmtoo-art-req-dep-graph2(1)\fR for more details.
.SS latex2
When \fIlatex2\fR is specified as output,
.B rmtoo
outputs a LaTeX document as output.  For a detailed description about
the needed parameters and a detailed description, see
\fBrmtoo-art-latex2(1)\fR. 
.SS oopricing1
This is a pricing module with ODF output.  It can be used for
commercial bidding. See \fBrmtoo-art-oopricing1\fR for further
details. 
.SS prios
This outputs a small LaTeX formatted artifact which includes the
priority list and the requirements elaboration list.  For more details
consult \fBrmtoo-art-prio-lists(1)\fR.
.SS stats_reqs_cnt
When using \fIgit\fR as the underlying revision control system it is
possible to create a history of the number of requirements.  See
\fBrmtoo-art-reqs-history-cnt(1)\fR for more details.
.SS version1
The version1 output writes the currently used version from the version
control system to a file.  This can then be used by other output
documents. 
.SS xml1
This outputs the requirements as an xml file. See \fBrmtoo-art-xml1(1)\fR 
for details.
.SH HISTORY
This is the third version of the configuration file format.  This has
some major advantages over the first versions: changing the format to
JSON enables the possibility to use other programing languages than
python to be used - especially with a possible future GUI in mind.
Also the new format provides more flexibility: it is now possible to
output two different documents of the same type (e.g. LaTeX documents)
for the same topic set in only one rmtoo call.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.B rmtoo(7)
- overview of rmtoo including all references to available documentation.

.B rmtoo-config3(7)
- JSON formatted config
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Andreas Florath (rmtoo@florath.net)
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2010-2017 by flonatel (rmtoo@florath.net).
License GPLv3+: GNU GPL version 3 or later
