.\" 
.\" Man page for rmtoo
.\"
.\" This is free documentation; you can redistribute it and/or
.\" modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as
.\" published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 3 of
.\" the License, or (at your option) any later version.
.\"
.\" The GNU General Public License's references to "object code"
.\" and "executables" are to be interpreted as the output of any
.\" document formatting or typesetting system, including
.\" intermediate and printed output.
.\"
.\" This manual is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\" (c) 2011 by flonatel (rmtoo@florath.net)
.\"
.TH rmtoo-art-tlp 1 2011-02-11 "User Commands" "Requirements Management"
.SH NAME
rmtoo-art-tlp1 \- requirements management tool: tulip version 1 output
.SH DESCRIPTION
This output module privides an interface to the graph visualization
software \fItulip\fR.  With \fItulip\fR it is possible to vizualize
the requirements dependencies using different graph layouts.
.P
Note that \fItulip\fR works with graphs and not with
digraphs. Therefore the direction of the dependency cannot be
visualized. 
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.B rmtoo(7)
- overview of rmtoo including all references to available documentation. 
.P
.B tulip(1)
- graph visualization 
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Andreas Florath (rmtoo@florath.net)
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2011 by flonatel (rmtoo@florath.net).
License GPLv3+: GNU GPL version 3 or later


