.\" 
.\" Man page for rmtoo
.\"
.\" This is free documentation; you can redistribute it and/or
.\" modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as
.\" published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 3 of
.\" the License, or (at your option) any later version.
.\"
.\" The GNU General Public License's references to "object code"
.\" and "executables" are to be interpreted as the output of any
.\" document formatting or typesetting system, including
.\" intermediate and printed output.
.\"
.\" This manual is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\" (c) 2010-2011 by flonatel (rmtoo@florath.net)
.\"
.TH rmtoo-art-stats-burndown1 1 2011-11-21 "User Commands" "Requirements Management"
.SH NAME
rmtoo-art-stats-burndown1 \- requirements management tool: Burndown diagram
.SH DESCRIPTION
The
.B rmtoo
requirment management tool is able to output the burndown diagram for
the complete project as well as for the current sprint.  For the later
one, please consult \fBrmtoo-art-stats-sprint-burndown(1)\fR.
.P
The burndown diagram contains the 'not done', 'assigned' and 'finished'
requirements started from the given project start until today in units
of the Effort Estimation.  Please consult \fBrmtoo-req-format(5)\fR 
section \fIKEY 'Effort estimation'\fR for details about this units.
.SH CONFIGURATION
The configuration for this output module goes (as all other output
module's configuration) in the \fBoutput\fR section of the
configuration. The following parameters must be included in the map: 
.P
.B output_filename 
The parameter is the name of the file where the priority lists
will be stored.
.P
.B start_date
The date when the project starts. The format must be
YYYY-MM-DD. If this is not specified, yesterday is assumed.
.P 
Example
.sp
.RS
.nf
        "stats_burndown1": [
            {
                "output_filename": "artifacts/stats_burndown.csv", 
                "start_date": "2011-04-25"
            }
        ]

.SH "SEE ALSO"
.B rmtoo(7)
- overview of rmtoo including all references to available documentation. 
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Andreas Florath (rmtoo@florath.net)
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2011 by flonatel (rmtoo@florath.net).
License GPLv3+: GNU GPL version 3 or later


