.\" 
.\" Man page for rmtoo configuration
.\"
.\" This is free documentation; you can redistribute it and/or
.\" modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as
.\" published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 3 of
.\" the License, or (at your option) any later version.
.\"
.\" The GNU General Public License's references to "object code"
.\" and "executables" are to be interpreted as the output of any
.\" document formatting or typesetting system, including
.\" intermediate and printed output.
.\"
.\" This manual is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\" (c) 2010 by flonatel (sf@flonatel.org)
.\"
.TH rmtoo-config 5 2010-07-23 "User Commands" "Requirements Management"
.SH NAME
rmtoo-config \- requirements management tool configuration file
.SH DESCRIPTION
One parameter calling the 
.B rmtoo
requirements management tool is the configuration file.  (For a
detailed description about command line parameters see
\fBrmtoo-invoking(1)\fR). 
.P
The configuration file is a python file which must define a class
named \fIConfig\fR.  See the \fBDETAILS\fR section for an explanation
about the configuration parameters.
.SH NOTE
.B Please note that some of the referenced man pages may currently
.B not exists.  Please consult rmtoo(7) for a list of available
.B man pages.
.SH EXAMPLE
The following example is the configuration file for the 
.B rmtoo
requirements which can be found at \fIrequirements/Config.py\fR.
.sp
.RS
.nf
class Config:
    stakeholders = ["development", "management", "users", "customers"]
    inventors = ["flonatel", ]

    topic_specs = \
        {
          "ts_common": ["doc/topics", "ReqsDocument"],
        }

    output_specs = \
        [ 
          ["prios", 
           ["ts_common", "doc/latex2/reqsprios.tex"]],

          ["graph",
           ["ts_common", "reqtree.dot"]],

          ["stats_reqs_cnt", 
           ["ts_common", "doc/latex2/stats_reqs_cnt.csv"]],

          ["latex2", 
           ["ts_common", "doc/latex2/reqtopics.tex"]],

          ["html", 
           ["ts_common", 
            "doc/html/reqs", "doc/html/header.html",
            "doc/html/footer.html"]],
        ]

.SH DETAILS
The class \fBConfig\fR must contain some class level variables.
.SS stakeholders
This must be a list of strings specifying the stakeholders.
Stakeholders can own a and prioritize a requirement.  Tags:
\fIOwner\fR and \fIPriority\fR.
.SS inventors
This must be a list of string specifying inventors.  Inventors can
invent a requirement. Tags: \fIInvented by\fR.
.SS output_specs
The variable \fIoutput_specs\fR must be a list which contains pairs.
Each pair itself is a list containing two elements: the first is the
name of the output module, the second is the list of parameters for
the given output module.  For details about the different output
modules, see section \fBOUTPUT\fR for further details.
.SH OUTPUT
The output which 
.B rmtoo
writes out in different formats must be specified with the help of the
\fIoutput_specs\fR variable.  The key describes the artifact to
output, the value is specific to the chosen output parameter.
.SS latex2
When \fIlatex2\fR is specified as output,
.B rmtoo
outputs a LaTeX document as output.  For a detailed description about
the needed parameters and a detailed description, see
\fBrmtoo-art-latex2(1)\fR. 
.SS prios
This outputs a small LaTeX formatted artifact which includes the
priority list and the requirements elaboration list.  For more details
consult \fBrmtoo-art-prio-lists(1)\fR.
.SS graph
When this option is specified a requirements dependency graph is
written.  Please see \fBrmtoo-art-req-dep-graph(1)\fR for more
details.
.SS graph2
This is similar to the graph - but additionally groups the output
requirements within the same topic as a cluster.  Please see
\fBrmtoo-art-req-dep-graph2(1)\fR for more details.
.SS stats_reqs_cnt
When using \fIgit\fR as the underlying revision control system it is
possible to create a history of the number of requirements.  See
\fBrmtoo-art-reqs-history-cnt(1)\fR for more details.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.B rmtoo(7)
- overview of rmtoo including all references to available documentation. 
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Andreas Florath (sf@flonatel.org)
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2010 by flonatel (sf@flonatel.org).
License GPLv3+: GNU GPL version 3 or later
