.\" 
.\" Man page for rmtoo oopricing output module
.\"
.\" This is free documentation; you can redistribute it and/or
.\" modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as
.\" published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 3 of
.\" the License, or (at your option) any later version.
.\"
.\" The GNU General Public License's references to "object code"
.\" and "executables" are to be interpreted as the output of any
.\" document formatting or typesetting system, including
.\" intermediate and printed output.
.\"
.\" This manual is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\" (c) 2010-2011 by flonatel (rmtoo@florath.net)
.\"
.TH rmtoo-art-oopricing 1 2011-11-21 "User Commands" "Requirements Management"
.SH NAME
rmtoo-art-oopricing \- requirements management tool: pricing table in
ODF format 
.SH DESCRIPTION
The
.B rmtoo
requirement management tool has the ability to output all requirements
which directly or indirectly depend on topic as a commercial used
pricing / bid spreadsheet.  The spreadsheet is outputted in ODF -
which can be read by e.g. OpenOffice.
.SH DETAILS
.B rmtoo
output pricing module is designed for the following procedure of
commercial bidding:
.SS Requirement Specification
The first step is to write down the requirements.   During
writing and organizing requirements remember to put requirements in
topics that one topic including subtopics form understandable and
complete set of requirements.
.SS Create spreadsheet
Based on one topic (and of course all it's depended child-topics) run
.B rmtoo
which outputs the spreadsheet in ODF format.
.SS Send out spreadsheet
Send out the spreadsheet to all possible vendors.  They can fill the
following things for each requirement: compliance (fully, partial and
non-compliant), price (broken down to dayrate, number of days and
material) and the chosen (commercial) link to the dependent
requirement.
.P
Example: The \fIDocumentation for Training\fR depends on training and
documentation.  At vendor A the (whole) documentation is done inside
the documentation department while at vendor B the training
documentation will be done by the training department.  Therefore
there is the need to reflect the different dependencies a vendor might
implement a requirement.  In case of vendor A the documentation for
training is included in the documentation budget while for vendor
B the training documentation is included in the documentation budget. 
.SS Collect spreadsheets
After a while, collect the filled in spreadsheets from the vendors.
It is now easy to compare the prices and dependencies.  There are
additional modules for supporting the evaluation.  Please consult
\fBrmtoo.7\fR for a full list of available and planned modules.
.SH CONFIGURATION
The configuration for this output module goes (as all other output
module's configuration) in the \fBoutput\fR section of the
configuration file. 
.P
The first element (the key) must be \fIoopricing1\fR.  This must be
followed by \fIoutput_filename\fR (without the suffix).
.P
Example
.sp
.RS
.nf
        "oopricing1": [
            {
                "output_filename": "artifacts/reqspricing"
            }
        ], 

.SH LIMITATIONS
Currently the output module can handle at maximum 702 requirements
which covers spreadsheet columns A up to ZZ.
.P
Some old OpenOffice versions (e.g. 2.X) limit the number of rows
(which is also the number of requirements) to 256.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.B rmtoo(7)
- overview of rmtoo including all references to available documentation. 
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Andreas Florath (rmtoo@florath.net)
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2010-2011 by flonatel (rmtoo@florath.net).
License GPLv3+: GNU GPL version 3 or later


