.\" 
.\" Man page for rmtoo-emacs-mode-req
.\"
.\" This is free documentation; you can redistribute it and/or
.\" modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as
.\" published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 3 of
.\" the License, or (at your option) any later version.
.\"
.\" The GNU General Public License's references to "object code"
.\" and "executables" are to be interpreted as the output of any
.\" document formatting or typesetting system, including
.\" intermediate and printed output.
.\"
.\" This manual is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\" (c) 2010 by flonatel (rmtoo@florath.net)
.\"
.TH rmtoo-emacs-mode-req 7 2010-09-16 "User Commands" "Requirements Management"
.SH NAME
rmtoo-emacs-mode-req \- requirements management tool: Emacs Mode for
writing requirements.
.SH DESCRIPTION
The
.B rmtoo
requirements management tool provides an Emacs mode for editing
requirements.  Emacs automatically detects requirements based on their
suffix '.req'.
.P
The Emacs mode supports tag highlighting and automatic indentation of
tag and continue lines.
.SH CONFIGURATION
When using the package system (e.g. the deb package) the Emacs mode is
automatically configured.  So when loading a requirements file the
mode is automatically activated.
.P
When using 
.B rmtoo
the tar file, the ~/.emacs file need to be adapted. Add the
following line and restart Emacs:
.sp
.RS
.nf
   (load-file "<path_to_rmtoo>/rmtoo/contrib/req-mode.el")
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.B rmtoo(7)
- overview of rmtoo including all references to available documentation. 
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Andreas Florath (rmtoo@florath.net)
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2010 by flonatel (rmtoo@florath.net).
License GPLv3+: GNU GPL version 3 or later
