.\" 
.\" Man page for rmtoo analytics: Requirements based Topic Coherence.
.\"
.\" This is free documentation; you can redistribute it and/or
.\" modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as
.\" published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 3 of
.\" the License, or (at your option) any later version.
.\"
.\" The GNU General Public License's references to "object code"
.\" and "executables" are to be interpreted as the output of any
.\" document formatting or typesetting system, including
.\" intermediate and printed output.
.\"
.\" This manual is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\" (c) 2010 by flonatel (rmtoo@florath.net)
.\"
.TH rmtoo-analytics-req-topic-coherence 7 2010-08-08 "User Commands" "Requirements Management"
.SH NAME
rmtoo-analytics-req-topic-coherence \- requirements management tool: analytics
module for detecting topic coherence inside one requirement
.SH DESCRIPTION
This analytics module checks for the coherence of each requirement
inside a topic. 
.SH IDEA
A \fItopic\fR as used in
.B rmtoo
is a collection of requirements with one topic.  Therefore each
requirement should have a better coherence inside the topic than to
the outside.
.P
The difference to \fBrmtoo-analytics-topic-coherence.7\fR is, that
here the heuristic is based on one requirement whereas there the
heuristic is based on the whole topic.
.SH CONFIGURATION
This module cannot be configured.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.B rmtoo(7)
- overview of rmtoo including all references to available documentation. 
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Andreas Florath (rmtoo@florath.net)
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2010 by flonatel (rmtoo@florath.net).
License GPLv3+: GNU GPL version 3 or later
