.\" 
.\" Man page for rmtoo requirement history count graph
.\"
.\" This is free documentation; you can redistribute it and/or
.\" modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as
.\" published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 3 of
.\" the License, or (at your option) any later version.
.\"
.\" The GNU General Public License's references to "object code"
.\" and "executables" are to be interpreted as the output of any
.\" document formatting or typesetting system, including
.\" intermediate and printed output.
.\"
.\" This manual is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\" (c) 2010-2011 by flonatel (rmtoo@florath.net)
.\"
.TH rmtoo-art-reqs-history-cnt 1 2011-11-21 "User Commands" "Requirements Management"
.SH NAME
rmtoo-art-reqs-history-cnt \- requirements management tool: requirement 
history count
.SH DESCRIPTION
The
.B rmtoo
requirement management tool is able to store the requirements in a
version control system.  Therefore it is possible to access the whole
history of requirements evolution.
.P
One simple application of this is to extract the number of
requirements during complete history of the project.
.P
With the help of the requirements history count module it is possible
to visualize the evolution of the requirements count.
.SH CONFIGURATION
The configuration for this output module goes (as all other output
module's configuration) in the \fBoutput\fR section of the
configuration. 
.P
The key must be \fIstats_reqs_cnt\fR.  This must be
followed by a map containing one entry:
.P
.B output_filename
The filename where the output is written to.
.P
Example
.sp
.RS
.nf
        "stats_reqs_cnt": [
            {
                "output_filename": "artifacts/stats_reqs_cnt.csv"
            }
        ]

.SH POSTPROCESSING
The resulting file is a tabulator separated file. The first entry is
the point of time, the second the number of requirements.
Example line: 2010-10-06_08:29:14 158
.P
The contrib directory contains an example file how to use the output
and how to use gnuplot to convert the input file to a graph.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.B rmtoo(7)
- overview of rmtoo including all references to available documentation. 
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Andreas Florath (rmtoo@florath.net)
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2010-2011 by flonatel (rmtoo@florath.net).
License GPLv3+: GNU GPL version 3 or later


