.\" 
.\" Man page for rmtoo-contrib-dir
.\"
.\" This is free documentation; you can redistribute it and/or
.\" modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as
.\" published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 3 of
.\" the License, or (at your option) any later version.
.\"
.\" The GNU General Public License's references to "object code"
.\" and "executables" are to be interpreted as the output of any
.\" document formatting or typesetting system, including
.\" intermediate and printed output.
.\"
.\" This manual is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\" (c) 2025 by flonatel (rmtoo@florath.net)
.\"
.TH rmtoo-contrib-dir 1 2025-01-01 "User Commands" "Requirements Management"
.SH NAME
rmtoo-contrib-dir \- requirements management tool: locate contrib directory
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B rmtoo-contrib-dir
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B rmtoo-contrib-dir
prints the absolute path to the rmtoo contrib directory, which contains
template projects, helper scripts, and other contributed resources.
.P
This command provides a reliable way to locate the contrib directory
regardless of how rmtoo was installed (pip, system package, or development
mode). The contrib directory contains:
.P
.RS
.IP \(bu 4
template_project/ - A complete template for starting new rmtoo projects
.IP \(bu 4
gnuplot scripts for statistics visualization
.IP \(bu 4
Icons and graphics resources
.IP \(bu 4
Helper scripts and utilities
.IP \(bu 4
VM setup scripts and documentation
.RE
.P
The command works in both development and installed modes, automatically
detecting the correct location of the contrib directory.
.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
Get the contrib directory path:
.B $ rmtoo-contrib-dir
.br
/usr/local/lib/python3.11/site-packages/rmtoo/contrib
.TP
Copy the template project to start a new project:
.B $ cp -r "$(rmtoo-contrib-dir)/template_project" MyProject
.TP
Use in shell scripts:
.B $ CONTRIB_DIR=$(rmtoo-contrib-dir)
.br
.B $ ls "$CONTRIB_DIR"
.SH RETURN
.B rmtoo-contrib-dir
returns 0 when the contrib directory is successfully located and printed,
and 1 when the directory cannot be found.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.B rmtoo(7)
- overview of rmtoo including all references to available documentation.
.br
.B rmtoo-template-project(1)
- information about using the template project.
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Andreas Florath (rmtoo@florath.net)
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2025 by flonatel (rmtoo@florath.net).
License GPLv3+: GNU GPL version 3 or later