.\" 
.\" Man page for rmtoo
.\"
.\" This is free documentation; you can redistribute it and/or
.\" modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as
.\" published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 3 of
.\" the License, or (at your option) any later version.
.\"
.\" The GNU General Public License's references to "object code"
.\" and "executables" are to be interpreted as the output of any
.\" document formatting or typesetting system, including
.\" intermediate and printed output.
.\"
.\" This manual is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\" (c) 2010-2011 by flonatel (rmtoo@florath.net)
.\"
.TH rmtoo-art-version1 1 2011-11-21 "User Commands" "Requirements Management"
.SH NAME
rmtoo-art-version1 \- requirements management tool: version1 artifact
.SH DESCRIPTION
The
.B rmtoo
requirment management tool is able to output a file with the actual
used version id.  This version id can be used in different
output documents to get a unique reference to the used requirement set
version.
.P
The version id itself is taken from the underlaying version control
system.  Different version control system have different version ids.
.SH CONFIGURATION
The name must be set to \fIversion1\fR.  The following 
parameters must be included in the map:  
.P
.B output_filename 
The parameter is the name of the file where the version information
will be stored.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.B rmtoo(7)
- overview of rmtoo including all references to available documentation. 
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Andreas Florath (rmtoo@florath.net)
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2010-2011 by flonatel (rmtoo@florath.net).
License GPLv3+: GNU GPL version 3 or later


