.\" 
.\" Man page for rmtoo
.\"
.\" This is free documentation; you can redistribute it and/or
.\" modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as
.\" published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 3 of
.\" the License, or (at your option) any later version.
.\"
.\" The GNU General Public License's references to "object code"
.\" and "executables" are to be interpreted as the output of any
.\" document formatting or typesetting system, including
.\" intermediate and printed output.
.\"
.\" This manual is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\" (c) 2010 by flonatel (rmtoo@florath.net)
.\"
.TH rmtoo-template-project 1 2010-11-30 "User Commands" "Requirements Management"
.SH NAME
rmtoo-template-project \- requirements management tool: template project
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B rmtoo
comes with a complet and ready to use template project.
.P
The template project comes with only a few requirements and
topics. The environment is set up in the way, that 'make' can be used
to create mostly all available artifacts.
.P
To start with the template project, copy the directory
contrib/template_project and start editing.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.B rmtoo(7)
- overview of rmtoo including all references to available documentation. 
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Andreas Florath (rmtoo@florath.net)
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2010 by flonatel (rmtoo@florath.net).
License GPLv3+: GNU GPL version 3 or later


