.\" 
.\" Man page for rmtoo-normalize-dependencies
.\"
.\" This is free documentation; you can redistribute it and/or
.\" modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as
.\" published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 3 of
.\" the License, or (at your option) any later version.
.\"
.\" The GNU General Public License's references to "object code"
.\" and "executables" are to be interpreted as the output of any
.\" document formatting or typesetting system, including
.\" intermediate and printed output.
.\"
.\" This manual is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\" (c) 2011 by flonatel (rmtoo@florath.net)
.\"
.TH rmtoo-normalize-dependencies 1 2011-02-08 "User Commands" "Requirements Management"
.SH NAME
rmtoo-normalize-dependencies \- requirements management tool: convert dependency notation
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B rmtoo-normalize-dependencies
.B \-f
.I cfgfile
.B [\-h]
.B [\-m
.I moduledir]
.B reqs_dir
.SH DESCRIPTION
There are currently two ways to describe dependencies: the 'Solved by'
and 'Depends on' way.  Please consult rmtoo-req-format.5 for a
detailed discussion.
.P
This tool converts a set of requirements from the old and
deprecated 'Depends on' way to the new 'Solved by' way of dependency
notation. 
.P
Please note that the tools overwrites the requirements text
files. Please first backup the original files before using this tool.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-f\fR \fICONFIG_FILE\fR, \fB\-\-file-config\fR=\fICONFIG_FILE\fR
The directory with the requirements files.
.TP
\fB\-h\fR, \fB\-\-help\fR
Display a short usage help.
.TP
\fB\-m\fR \fIMODULES_DIRECTORY\fR, \fB\-\-modules-directory\fR=\fIMODULES_DIRECTORY\fR
The directory where the rmtoo modules can be found.  When the program
was installed by standard system routines (e.g. as a deb or a rpm
package) this option is not necessary.  When using rmtoo from the
repository or from a release tar ball this must point to the main
directory.
.TP
\fBreqs_dir\fR The directory of the requirements which will be
converted.
.SH RETURN
.B rmtoo-normalize-dependencies
returns 0 when all commands are successfully completed and a value not
equal 0 when there was a problem.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.B rmtoo(7)
- overview of rmtoo including all references to available documentation. 
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Andreas Florath (rmtoo@florath.net)
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2011 by flonatel (rmtoo@florath.net).
License GPLv3+: GNU GPL version 3 or later


