.\" 
.\" Man page for rmtoo
.\"
.\" This is free documentation; you can redistribute it and/or
.\" modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as
.\" published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 3 of
.\" the License, or (at your option) any later version.
.\"
.\" The GNU General Public License's references to "object code"
.\" and "executables" are to be interpreted as the output of any
.\" document formatting or typesetting system, including
.\" intermediate and printed output.
.\"
.\" This manual is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\" (c) 2010-2011 by flonatel (rmtoo@florath.net)
.\"
.TH rmtoo-art-latex2 1 2011-11-21 "User Commands" "Requirements Management"
.SH NAME
rmtoo-art-latex2 \- requirements management tool: latex2 artifact
.SH DESCRIPTION
The
.B rmtoo
requirment management tool is able to output one topic and all
possible subtopics including the containing requirements as a LaTeX
output.
.P
Each topic is output as one level logical structuring level.  The
outermost level will be a \fIchapter\fR, the next sub-topic will be a
\fIsection\fR and so on.
.P
Text from the topic is directly copied into the document.
.P
At the moment there is no possibility to configure the LaTeX output
itself.
.SH CONFIGURATION
The key in the output configuration must be \fIlatex2\fR.
.P
There must be a value for the key \fIoutput_filename\fR inside the
output configuration which names the file where the LaTeX output will
be stored. 
.SH USAGE
Typically the LaTeX file in included with \fIinclude\fR or \fIinput\fR
directly from the master LaTeX document.  Please consult the file
\fIdoc/latex2/requirements.tex\fR document as an example.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.B rmtoo(7)
- overview of rmtoo including all references to available
documentation. 
.SH HISTORY
This is called '2' because it is the second version of the LaTeX
output module.  The first module used a pre-topic method to handle the
output - which is not supported anymore.
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Andreas Florath (rmtoo@florath.net)
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2010 by flonatel (rmtoo@florath.net).
License GPLv3+: GNU GPL version 3 or later


