.\" 
.\" Man page for rmtoo-pricing-graph
.\"
.\" This is free documentation; you can redistribute it and/or
.\" modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as
.\" published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 3 of
.\" the License, or (at your option) any later version.
.\"
.\" The GNU General Public License's references to "object code"
.\" and "executables" are to be interpreted as the output of any
.\" document formatting or typesetting system, including
.\" intermediate and printed output.
.\"
.\" This manual is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\" (c) 2010 by flonatel (rmtoo@florath.net)
.\"
.TH rmtoo-pricing-graph 1 2010-09-09 "User Commands" "Requirements Management"
.SH NAME
rmtoo-pricing-graph \- requirements management tool: draw pricing graph
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B rmtoo-pricing-graph \fIcsvfile\fR \fIdotfile\fR
.SH DESCRIPTION
The
.B rmtoo-pricing-graph
is a part of the
.B rmtoo
requirment management tool.  It reads in a csv file and creates a
graph (dot) file.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fIcsvfile\fR
The input file for this tool.  Please see section
.B FILES 
for further information.
.TP
\fIdotfile\fR
The graph output file int dot format.
.SH FILES
The input cvs file must be comma seperated file.  This file is the
results sheet of the oopricing1 output module saved as a cvs file.
.SH ENVIRONMENT
This tool does not need any other input than the cvs file.  This also
means, that there is no check done against existing requirements.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.B rmtoo(7)
- overview of rmtoo including all references to available documentation. 
.SH LIMITATIONS
No checks against existing (original) requirements are made.
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Andreas Florath (rmtoo@florath.net)
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2010 by flonatel (rmtoo@florath.net).
License GPLv3+: GNU GPL version 3 or later
