.\" 
.\" Man page for rmtoo-configuration-convert
.\"
.\" This is free documentation; you can redistribute it and/or
.\" modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as
.\" published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 3 of
.\" the License, or (at your option) any later version.
.\"
.\" The GNU General Public License's references to "object code"
.\" and "executables" are to be interpreted as the output of any
.\" document formatting or typesetting system, including
.\" intermediate and printed output.
.\"
.\" This manual is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\" (c) 2011 by flonatel (rmtoo@florath.net)
.\"
.TH rmtoo-configuration-convert 1 2011-11-21 "User Commands" "Requirements Management"
.SH NAME
rmtoo-configuration-convert \- requirements management tool: convert configuration version 1 to version 2
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B rmtoo-configuration-convert
.B \-f
.I cfgfile
.B [\-h]
.B [\-m
.I moduledir]
.B [\-j
.I JSON file / construct]
.SH DESCRIPTION
This tools converts an old configuration into a new one.
Additionally it is possible to add / overwrite values with the new
JSON mechanism.
.P
The new configuration is printed out on stdout.
.P
.B Note:
Typically there is the need to edit the newly generated file
and change some (default) values.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-f\fR \fICONFIG_FILE\fR, \fB\-\-file-config\fR=\fICONFIG_FILE\fR
The old configuration file.
.TP
\fB\-h\fR, \fB\-\-help\fR
Display a short usage help.
.TP
\fB\-m\fR \fIMODULES_DIRECTORY\fR, \fB\-\-modules-directory\fR=\fIMODULES_DIRECTORY\fR
The directory where the rmtoo modules can be found.  When the program
was installed by standard system routines (e.g. as a deb or a rpm
package) this option is not necessary.  When using rmtoo from the
repository or from a release tar ball this must point to the main
directory.
.TP
\fB\-j\fR \fIfile://json_file\fR, \fB\-j\fR \fjson_expression\fR
.SH RETURN
.B rmtoo-configuration-convert
returns 0 when all commands are successfully completed and a value not
equal 0 when there was a problem.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.B rmtoo(7)
- overview of rmtoo including all references to available documentation. 
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Andreas Florath (rmtoo@florath.net)
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2011 by flonatel (rmtoo@florath.net).
License GPLv3+: GNU GPL version 3 or later


