.\" 
.\" Man page for rmtoo
.\"
.\" This is free documentation; you can redistribute it and/or
.\" modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as
.\" published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 3 of
.\" the License, or (at your option) any later version.
.\"
.\" The GNU General Public License's references to "object code"
.\" and "executables" are to be interpreted as the output of any
.\" document formatting or typesetting system, including
.\" intermediate and printed output.
.\"
.\" This manual is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\" (c) 2010-2011 by flonatel (rmtoo@florath.net)
.\"
.TH rmtoo-art-prio-lists 1 2011-11-21 "User Commands" "Requirements Management"
.SH NAME
rmtoo-art-prio-lists \- requirements management tool: priority lists.
.SH DESCRIPTION
The
.B rmtoo
requirment management tool is able to manage some output lists:
.SH SELECTED FOR SPRINT
The table \fISelected for Sprint\fR contains all these requirements
which should be finished within the next (current) sprint.  When a
requirement has the class 'selected' it will be listed here.
.SH ASSIGNED
The selected requirements can be assigned to developers.  All assigned
requirements will appear in this table.
.SH BACKLOG
One list is the so called \fIBacklog\fR.  A term which is usually used
in SCRUM.  The \fIBacklog\fR is the list of implementable requirements
sorted by the importance: the most important are at the beginning.
.SH REQUIREMENTS ELABORATION LIST
The requirements elaboration list is mostly the same as the backlog
but for the requirements writer(s).  This list contains all the
requirements which are not (yet) implementable, i.e. the requirements
which reflect some idea which must be detailed.
.SH PRIORITY LISTS
Those two lists are more or less the ToDo lists for the developers
(backlog) and the requirements writes (requirements elaboration
list).  They can (and should) start at the top of the list where the
most important and necessary things are listed.
.P
Both lists contain also the sum of all entries up to a certain point.
Therefore it is very easy to get information like: it will take N
effort points to finish work on all most important things (level 10
requirements). 
.SH CONFIGURATION
The name must be set to \fIprios\fR.  The following parameters
must be available:
.P
.B output_filename 
The parameter is the name of the file where the priority lists
will be stored.
.P
.B start_date
The date when the project starts. The format must be
YYYY-MM-DD. If this is not specified, yesterday is assumed.
.P 
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.B rmtoo(7)
- overview of rmtoo including all references to available documentation. 
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Andreas Florath (rmtoo@florath.net)
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2010-2011 by flonatel (rmtoo@florath.net).
License GPLv3+: GNU GPL version 3 or later


