.\" 
.\" Man page for rmtoo
.\"
.\" This is free documentation; you can redistribute it and/or
.\" modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as
.\" published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 3 of
.\" the License, or (at your option) any later version.
.\"
.\" The GNU General Public License's references to "object code"
.\" and "executables" are to be interpreted as the output of any
.\" document formatting or typesetting system, including
.\" intermediate and printed output.
.\"
.\" This manual is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\" (c) 2010-2011 by flonatel (rmtoo@florath.net)
.\"
.TH rmtoo 1 2017-04-25 "User Commands" "Requirements Management"
.SH NAME
rmtoo \- requirements management tool
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B rmtoo
.B [\-h]
.B \-j
.I file://cfgfile.json
.B [\-j 
.I file://cfgfile.json]
.B [\-j
.I cfgoption]
.B \-y
.I file://cfgfile.yaml
.B [\-y
.I file://cfgfile.yaml]
.SH DESCRIPTION
The
.B rmtoo
is a requirment management tool.  It understand long and short command
line options.  For a detailed functional description see rmtoo(7).

.SH OPTIONS
JSON and YAML can be intermixed.  They are strictly evaluated
from left to right.

.TP
\fB\-h\fR, \fB\-\-help\fR
Display a short usage help.
.TP
\fB\-j\fR \fIfile://json_file\fR, \fB\-j\fR \fIjson_expr\fR
Any number of JSON configuration files or JSON expression.  The
evaluation will be from left to right.  Duplicated values are
overwritten. 
.TP
\fB\-y\fR \fIfile://yaml_file\fR
Any number of YAML configuration files.  The
evaluation will be from left to right.  Duplicated values are
overwritten.

.SH DEPRECATED OPTIONS
The following options do still exists because of compatibility
reasons.  They should not used in new projects.
.B These options will be supported only until 31. 12. 2017.
.TP
\fB\-f\fR \fICONFIG_FILE\fR, \fB\-\-file-config\fR=\fICONFIG_FILE\fR
The directory with the requirements files.
.TP
\fB\-m\fR \fIMODULES_DIRECTORY\fR, \fB\-\-modules-directory\fR=\fIMODULES_DIRECTORY\fR
The directory where the rmtoo modules can be found.  When the program
was installed by standard system routines (e.g. as a deb or a rpm
package) this option is not necessary.  When using rmtoo from the
repository or from a release tar ball this must point to the main
directory.
.TP
\fB\-c\fR \fIMAKEFILE_DEPS\fR, \fB\-\-create-makefile-dependencies\fR=\fIMAKEFILE_DEPS\fR
For handling the invocation of
.B rmtoo
with the help of a Makefile, \fImake\fR itself must know the
dependencies. When called with this option, 
.B rmtoo
only creates the dependency file.  The dependency depends also from
the config file: when changing output artifacts of curse the
dependencies change.

.SH ENVIRONMENT
When using the packages (e.g. deb) the system environment must be set up
in the way that
.B rmtoo
can immediately be used.  When using other ways (e.g. downloading the
sources or using the tar file), the PYTHONPATH must be set.  This must
be set to the directory which contains the
.B rmtoo
directory which contains e.g. the lib and modules directory.  In the
tar file and the sources there is a file called setenv.sh which does
exactly the right thing.
.SH RETURN
.B rmtoo
returns 0 when all commands are successfully completed and a value not
equal 0 when there was a problem.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.B rmtoo(7)
- overview of rmtoo including all references to available documentation. 
.SH LIMITATIONS
Currently the makefile dependency creation are a best effort.  It
should work in mostly all times, but there are situations where not
all dependencies are tracked - especially when adding new requirement
files. 
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Andreas Florath (rmtoo@florath.net)
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2010,2017 by flonatel (rmtoo@florath.net).
License GPLv3+: GNU GPL version 3 or later


