.\" 
.\" Man page for rmtoo constraints input format
.\"
.\" This is free documentation; you can redistribute it and/or
.\" modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as
.\" published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 3 of
.\" the License, or (at your option) any later version.
.\"
.\" The GNU General Public License's references to "object code"
.\" and "executables" are to be interpreted as the output of any
.\" document formatting or typesetting system, including
.\" intermediate and printed output.
.\"
.\" This manual is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\" (c) 2011 by flonatel (rmtoo@florath.net)
.\"
.TH rmtoo-constraints 5 2011-03-29 "File Formats" "Requirements Management"
.SH NAME
rmtoo-constraints \- requirements management tool: constraints format
.SH FILE FORMAT
Each constraint must be in its own file.  The filename must be end
in '.ctr'.  Only ASCII characters are allowed.  Each line must at
maximum 80 characters long.
.P
The constraint must be written as a set of 'key: value' pairs.  A
value is extended if the first column of a line is a space.
.P
A key can only exists once in a constraint description file. 
.SH KEYS
The following keys with the described syntax and semantic exists: 
.SH KEY 'Name'
This value of this key is a short headline for the constraint. 
.SH KEY 'Invented on'
The value of 'Invented on' is the date when the constraint was
written.  The format must be YYYY-MM-DD.
.SH KEY 'Invented by'
This value is the name of the author of the constraint. 
.SH KEY 'Owner'
This is the owner of the constraint.  He is responsible for the
constraint.
.SH KEY 'Description'
The description is the formulation of the constraint.  There must be
.SH KEY 'Note'
The note is an additional comment for the constraint.  
.SH KEY 'CE3'
This defines the class for the constraint execution and evaluation
environment. The class must follow a specific interface with a special
semantic. Please see the section
.B CE3
for more details.
.SH CE3
The evaluation for all constraints is started at the master
requirement. For each requirement all constraint objects are created -
i.e. all those from the list given in the requirement's constraints
tag.  The parameters given are the parameters which are used to call
the object's constructor.
.P
The provided class must have a method called \fIunite\fR. This method
has two parameterers: the first is the constraint object of the
requirement itself, the second is the list of constraint objects from
the parents (the inherited objects).
.P
When it receives only a list of inherited objects, the method must
return an object with represents these constraints for the local
requirement.
.P
When the method is also called with the constraint object of the
requirement itself, the method must check if the local requirement
constraint can be hold against the list of inherited constraints from
the parents.
.SH EXAMPLE
Please consule the file \fIMinShockResistance.ctr\fR and testcases 
\fItests/blackbox-test/bb017-test\fR and
\fItests/blackbox-test/bb018-test\fR. 
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Andreas Florath (rmtoo@florath.net)
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2011 by flonatel (rmtoo@florath.net).
License GPLv3+: GNU GPL version 3 or later

