.\" 
.\" Man page for rmtoo testcase input format
.\"
.\" This is free documentation; you can redistribute it and/or
.\" modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as
.\" published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 3 of
.\" the License, or (at your option) any later version.
.\"
.\" The GNU General Public License's references to "object code"
.\" and "executables" are to be interpreted as the output of any
.\" document formatting or typesetting system, including
.\" intermediate and printed output.
.\"
.\" This manual is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\" (c) 2012 by flonatel (rmtoo@florath.net)
.\"
.TH rmtoo-testcase-format 5 2012-03-25 "File Formats" "Requirements Management"
.SH NAME
rmtoo-testcase-format \- requirements management tool: testcase format
.SH FILE FORMAT
Each testcase must be in its own file.  The filename must end
in '.tec'.  Only ASCII characters are allowed.  Each line must at
maximum 80 characters long.
.P
The topic must be written as a set of 'key: value' pairs.  A
value is extended if the first column of a line is a space.
.P
A key can exists multiple times in a topic data file.  Order matters.
.SH KEYS
The following keys with the described syntax and semantic exists: 
.SH KEY 'Name'
The value is the name of the testcase.  This is used as a chapter
headline in the output document.
.SH KEY 'Description'
The description of the testcase
.SH KEY 'Expected Result'
The expected result of the testcase.
.SH KEY 'Invented on'
The value of 'Invented on' is the date when the testcase was
written.  The format must be YYYY-MM-DD.
.SH KEY 'Invented by'
This value is the name of the author of the testcase.  The author
is the person who wrote the requirement.  It must not be necessary
one of the stakeholders.
.SH KEY 'Owner'
This is the owner of the testcase.  He is responsible for the
testcase.
.SH KEY 'Note'
The note is an additional comment for the testcase.  
.SH EXAMPLE
Note that the following example has some initial indent resulting
from the word processing program.  The keywords must start at the
first column.  Additional lines must have a space in column one.
.sp
.RS
.nf
Name: Example Test Case
Owner: development
Invented by: flonatel
Invented on: 2012-03-19
Description: This is an example test case.
Expected Result: This is the result.
Note: Just for testing.


.SH "SEE ALSO"
.B rmtoo(7)
- overview over rmtoo requirements management tool.  All references
can be found there.
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Andreas Florath (rmtoo@florath.net)
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2012 by flonatel (rmtoo@florath.net).
License GPLv3+: GNU GPL version 3 or later

