.\" 
.\" Man page for rmtoo topic input format
.\"
.\" This is free documentation; you can redistribute it and/or
.\" modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as
.\" published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 3 of
.\" the License, or (at your option) any later version.
.\"
.\" The GNU General Public License's references to "object code"
.\" and "executables" are to be interpreted as the output of any
.\" document formatting or typesetting system, including
.\" intermediate and printed output.
.\"
.\" This manual is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\" (c) 2010,2025 by flonatel GmbH & Co. KG / Andreas Florath
.\"
.TH rmtoo-topic-format 5 2025-07-09 "File Formats" "Requirements Management"
.SH NAME
rmtoo-topic-format \- requirements management tool: topic format
.SH FILE FORMAT
Each topic must be in its own file.  Topics can be written in
two formats:
.P
.B Traditional format:
The filename must end in '.tic'.  Only ASCII characters are allowed.  
Each line must at maximum 80 characters long.  The topic must be 
written as a set of 'key: value' pairs.  A value is extended if the 
first column of a line is a space.
.P
.B YAML format:
The filename must end in '.yaml' or '.yml'.  The topic must be 
written as a valid YAML document with the same keys as the traditional 
format.  Multi-line values use YAML syntax (e.g., using '|' for literal 
blocks).
.P
A key can exists multiple times in a topic data file.  Order matters.
.SH KEYS
The following keys with the described syntax and semantic exists: 
.SH KEY 'Name'
The value is the name of the topic.  This is used as a chapter
headline in the output document.
.SH KEY 'Text'
The text value will be copied into the output document.
.SH KEY 'IncludeRequirements'
This is the position where all the requirements are inserted
in the output document.  The value must be the string 'full'.
.SH KEY 'SubTopic'
The value of the subtopic must be the id of another topic.  This
topic is inserted at the point of occurance.
.SH EXAMPLE
.SS Traditional Format (.tic)
Note that the following example has some initial indent resulting
from the word processing program.  The keywords must start at the
first column.  Additional lines must have a space in column one.
.sp
.RS
.nf
Name: Example Topic
Text: This is an indrocution to the Example Topic.
SubTopic: SomeMoreDetails
Text: The text appears between the SomeMoreDetails
 topic and the requirements themselves.
IncludeRequirements: full
Text: The text after the requirements.
.fi
.RE
.SS YAML Format (.yaml/.yml)
The same topic in YAML format:
.sp
.RS
.nf
Name: Example Topic
Text: |
  This is an introduction to the Example Topic.
  
  The text appears between the SomeMoreDetails
  topic and the requirements themselves.
IncludeRequirements: full
.fi
.RE

.SH "SEE ALSO"
.B rmtoo(7)
- overview over rmtoo requirements management tool.  All references
can be found there.
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Andreas Florath (rmtoo@florath.net)
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2010,2025 by flonatel (rmtoo@florath.net).
License GPLv3+: GNU GPL version 3 or later

