.\" 
.\" Man page for rmtoo requirements input format
.\"
.\" This is free documentation; you can redistribute it and/or
.\" modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as
.\" published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 3 of
.\" the License, or (at your option) any later version.
.\"
.\" The GNU General Public License's references to "object code"
.\" and "executables" are to be interpreted as the output of any
.\" document formatting or typesetting system, including
.\" intermediate and printed output.
.\"
.\" This manual is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\" (c) 2010-2012,2020,2025 by flonatel GmbH & Co. KG / Andreas Florath
.\"
.TH rmtoo-req-format 5 2025-07-09 "File Formats" "Requirements Management"
.SH NAME
rmtoo-req-format \- requirements management tool: requirements format
.SH FILE FORMAT
Each requirement must be in its own file.  Requirements can be written in
two formats:
.P
.B Traditional format:
The filename must end in '.req'.  Only ASCII characters are allowed.  
Each line must at maximum 80 characters long.  The requirement must be 
written as a set of 'key: value' pairs.  A value is extended if the 
first column of a line is a space.
.P
.B YAML format:
The filename must end in '.yaml' or '.yml'.  The requirement must be 
written as a valid YAML document with the same keys as the traditional 
format.  Multi-line values use YAML syntax (e.g., using '|' for literal 
blocks).
.P
A key can only exists once in a requirement description file. 
.SH KEYS
The following keys with the described syntax and semantic exists: 
.SH KEY 'Name'
This value of this key is a short headline for the requirement.  It
is used as a section headline in the output document.
.SH KEY 'Type'
This value can be one of \fImaster requirement\fR, \fIrequirement\fR and
\fIdesign decision\fR.
.P
There can only be one 'master requirement'.  This is the requirement
(product, artifact) the whole project is about.  This can be
typically have the project title as the name.  There can only be one
\fImaster requirement\fR in a whole set.
.SH KEY 'Invented on'
The value of 'Invented on' is the date when the requirement was
written.  The format must be YYYY-MM-DD.
.SH KEY 'Invented by'
This value is the name of the author of the requirement.  The author
is the person who wrote the requirement.  It must not be necessary
one of the stakeholders.
.SH KEY 'Owner'
This is the owner of the requirement.  He is responsible for the
requirement.
.SH KEY 'Description'
The description is the formulation of the requirement.  There must be
one of the words 'must' or 'shall'.  The following words are not
allowed: may, possible, might, and, or.
Requirements must be testable.
.P
Requirements must be positive; negative requirements can mostly not
tested. 
.SH KEY 'Rationale'
This is optional.  This gives a hint and some more details about the
requirement.  Typically some background information is given here. 
.SH KEY 'Note'
The note is an additional comment for the requirement.  
.SH KEY 'Solved by'
Each requirement which is 'solved' by other requirements must have one
or more children.  The 'Solved by' tag contains a list of these
children. 
.SH KEY 'Status'
The status can be one of the following formats:
.P
.B not done
\- The requirement has not been started yet.
.P
.B assigned:person:date
\- The requirement is assigned to a specific person on a given date.
The date must be in YYYY-MM-DD format (e.g., assigned:Florath:2011-04-27).
.P
.B finished
\- The requirement is completed (legacy format).
.P
.B finished:person:date:duration
\- The requirement is completed with detailed information.
The date must be in YYYY-MM-DD format and duration in hours with 'h' suffix
(e.g., finished:Florath:2011-04-27:1h).
.SH KEY 'Topic'
This is the topic this requirement belongs to.
.SH KEY 'Class'
This gives the class of the requirement.  Currently two values are
possible 'detailable', 'implementable' or 'selected'
.P
.B detailable
means that the requirement must be elaborated before they can be
implemented. 
.P
.B implementable
means that the requirement is detailed enough to start with
implementation. 
.P
.B selected
means that the requirement is selected for the next sprint.  Based on
this selection the sprint burndown and the selected table is printed.
.SH KEY 'Priority'
Each requirement must have a priority.  The effective priority is
computed by the currently given priority multiplied by a normalized
maximum priority of all parents.
.P
The format is 'stakeholer:num'. 'num' must be a number between and
including 0 and 10.  It is possible to specify more than one
stakeholders separating them with a space.
.SH KEY 'Effort estimation'
The effort estimation is done with the help of an abstract
measurement so called 'effort points'.  These effort points are used
in agile processes (especially SCRUM) to get a prediction about the
burn-down speed and the expected finished date.
.P
.B 0
- no effort
.P
.B 1
- tiny effort
.P
.B 2
- very small effort (two times a tiny effort)
.P
.B 3
- small effort (same as a tiny and a very small effort)
.P
.B 5
- medium effort (same as a very small and a small effort)
.P
.B 8
- big effort (same as a small and a medium effort)
.P
.B 13
- very big effort (same as big effort and a medium effort)
.P
.B 21
- huge effort (same as very big effort and big effort)
.P
.B 34
- imense effort (mostly too big to do in one step)
.P
If this way of providing effort does not fit to the project,
the check / enforcing can be switched off by setting the configuration
parameter
.B
requirements.effort_estimation_values_check
.P
to false.
.SH KEY 'Constraints'
This must be a list of constraints - including possible
arguments. Please consult the
.B rmtoo-constraints(5)
man page for more details.
.SH EXAMPLE
.SS Traditional Format (.req)
Note that the following example has some initial indent resulting
from the word processing program.  The keywords must start at the
first column.  Additional lines must have a space in column one.
.sp
.RS
.nf
Name: Example Requirement
Type: requirement
Invented on: 2010-02-14
Invented by: Mustermann
Description: The example application must use TCP/IP for
 communication with the database instance.
Rationale: Here are some reasons why this must be
 implemented in this way.
Owner: security
Solved by: DetailedRequirement
Status: not done
Constraints: [ "MinShockResistance(5)" ]
.fi
.RE
.SS YAML Format (.yaml/.yml)
The same requirement in YAML format:
.sp
.RS
.nf
Name: Example Requirement
Type: requirement
Invented on: 2010-02-14
Invented by: Mustermann
Description: |
  The example application must use TCP/IP for
  communication with the database instance.
Rationale: |
  Here are some reasons why this must be
  implemented in this way.
Owner: security
Solved by: DetailedRequirement
Status: not done
Constraints: [ "MinShockResistance(5)" ]
.fi
.RE

.SH "SEE ALSO"
.B rmtoo(7)
- overview over rmtoo requirements management tool.  All references
can be found there.
.SH HISTORY
There is also a tag named 'Depends on' which is the opposite of
the 'Solved by' tag: Instead of specifying the requirement's children
the parents were specified. The 'Depends on' must be seen as
deprecated.
.P
The 'Depends on' tag is the older and is still (for
compatibility reasons) the default. Nevertheless the 'Solved by' tag
is the one which should be used in new projects.
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Andreas Florath (rmtoo@florath.net)
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2010-2011,2020,2025 by flonatel (rmtoo@florath.net).
License GPLv3+: GNU GPL version 3 or later

